After completing the assignment, be sure to push to Github and Heroku.
Please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application (e.g., Heroku):
https://doria-week-2.herokuapp.com/

The web server runs fine on my computer, but I wasn't able to get it fixed and working
on Heroku before I had to submit it.

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/Skhoooler/web-backend-development/tree/main/Week%202%20Pug

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. 
Everything I did with Academind tutorial are working on my computer, including
templates, css, and pug.


4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
I haven't been able to get the assignment to work on Heroku yet.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
Probably learning how to use templates. I am a big fan of only writing code once, and
being able to have a few templates that work for all of the different pages you can have
is really cool to me.

6. If you could change this assignment to be more effective or helpful, what would you change?
Just some more resources on how to use Heroku better, or what dependencies it was expecting/not expecting.
One problem I fixed on my heroku was that it didn't like the script to run using nodemon, for example.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
   1 - Some attempt was made
   2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
   3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
   
   
   4 - Meets requirements      <---


   5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I followed along in the tutorial, but I didn't really change anything the
person was doing. Although I understood everything he did, I didn't do anything
really creative.